cheater you sing and the recesses are big
fan capacity will tell what happened
why you him solidarity
spare
I have a small injury Tamm Galina
pillar years
Igor's big family falls on
painkillers lose
when this chemistry leaves
organized she starts ballet can
will be able to say that it is awful to sleep
so both speaking in country frame there with
the doctor discussed will we say yes
as if
the company got into my music state
situations stakes in this game pause so i
recovered as quickly as possible
tell me what you think is not
enough for our guys to win over neva
new agarkova
in this game could not help his team
watched from the podium I can say that
of course I am not happy
because she knows perfectly well that
won failed
have much better can play and
like my grandson's skype can't say that u
which cup we have there at the reception field is not
was good there strange it can't
there was a normal pole
but I managed not to know
probably the country was not so far away that
task and look there all four links
she will be hard this is all hugs did not know
what to us
something that failed to enter the game well and
in her collected see
already 12 championship rounds are over
and what to say about the first league tournament
what are your impressions
the team has some
can
here they are such a very famous football player
can play a lot
the very same igor signal
summer league and can
about that he said that
oh pretty heavy
m level so what's hard to play because
what is russia
and immediately the price of the desire of all boruts
really want 2 tablets but things are busy
places
time players, it feels like
Here, for example, I play as a result of liguria with me
eg
there is such a sense of humor for some reason here
play with often say why not
good harvest but very high
service and
and every point
have to
120 kg matted
how to say very hard good
posting queue
ahead of the game with the second team
Kiev Dynamo
for yourself this match will wear
principled character
it is even me
example telling the doctor saying no
I know how in her
eat
photo album ready this game to play there too
I don't know about injections, but I refused to receive
confirmation play
prote davydenko really want to play
so that
we'll see but wait for guests in winter
Yes, I like the Georgians are very hospitable new
court i'm sure they are pretty good but
mood will leave about it
I do not like preparing new tariffs in advance
above
thank you good luck so to speak